when Jesus on the table I can think
about you while he's with that other
girl do you think he was doing that to
make me jealous because he was totally
texting me all night last night and I
don't know it's a booty call or not so
like what do you think do you think
girls pretty short and that trust is my
wife
but first let me take a selfie
can you guys tell me pick a filter I
don't know what you go xx-chromo
Valencia I want to look
sulfate
you
cause Jason just like my selfie what a
creep is that guys sleeping over there
yeah the one next to grow with no shoes
on that's so ratchet that girl is such a
fake model she'd definitely bought all
her Instagram followers who goes out on
Mondays ok let's go take some shots oh
no let's throw up oh wait nevermind I'm
fine let's go dance there's no Bob
Costas table to no one else here oh my
god she just texted me check out with
him I guess it took a bit something
by travelpod member